Managed Identity support for EventHub loggers in `azurerm_api_management_logger` (#23718)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/api_management_logger.html.markdown

* `name` - (Required) The name of an EventHub.

> * `connection_string` - (Optional) The connection string of an EventHub Namespace. (Required if not using `client_id` and `endpoint_address`)
> 
> * `client_id` - (Optional) The client_id of the managed identity or SystemAssigned identity with the "Azure Event Hubs Data Sender" role to the target EventHub Namespace. (Required if using `endpoint_address`)
> 
> * `endpoint_address` - (Optional) The endpoint address of an EventHub Namespace. (Required if using `client_id`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `connection_string` - (Optional) The connection string of an EventHub Namespace.

~> **Note:** At least one of `connection_string` or `endpoint_uri` must be specified.

* `client_id` - (Optional) The client_id of the managed identity or SystemAssigned identity with the `Azure Event Hubs Data Sender` role to the target EventHub Namespace. Required when `endpoint_uri` is set.

* `endpoint_uri` - (Optional) The endpoint address of an EventHub Namespace. Required when `client_id` is set.
```

* `name` - (Required) The name of an EventHub.

* `connection_string` - (Optional) The connection string of an EventHub Namespace.

~> **Note:** At least one of `connection_string` or `endpoint_uri` must be specified

> * `client_id` - (Optional) The client_id of the managed identity or SystemAssigned identity with the "Azure Event Hubs Data Sender" role to the target EventHub Namespace. Required when `endpoint_uri` is set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `user_assigned_identity_client_id` - (Optional) The Client ID of the User Assigned Identity with the "Azure Event Hubs Data Sender" role to the target EventHub Namespace. Required when `endpoint_uri` is set. If not specified the System Assigned Identity will be used.
```
